hey guys brette coin here and this is
episode number 50 of the Lego roundtable
on my channel and before i get into
announcing the winners this week i want
to say a big thank you to all of my fans
because i hit 26 thousand subscribers
this week i meant to thank you guys when
i hit 25 thousand not too terribly long
ago and it just slipped my mind when i
was doing my round table so I'm sorry
for just now saying thank you but I do
want to say a huge thank you to all of
my fans because obviously i could not
gotten this far without you guys and the
round table as you guys may or may not
know this is my way of giving back to
you guys by doing these shoutouts so
that your different channels can get
noticed and i thought this would be a
good way to do that for a lot of
different people you're a comment
question last week was more or less what
kind of stop motions you'd like to see
on my channel and the winner of the
comment part was Caleb hingle who said
Aquaman and Batman vs mr. freeze and
Ra's al Ghul and I actually made my own
custom Ra's al Ghul a while back so I
thought that was a good answer I
probably will be putting him in a stop
motion hopefully it won't be too far off
I'll be able to do that soon hopefully
and the video winner this week was a mop
and the winner is shy jrc for his custom
lego star wars season 5 commander thorne
review as you guys know last week I I
said that I was changing it to only two
winners a week because it's gotten a
little overwhelming for me to put out
the round table every week but I'm doing
my best to get this out at least every
weekend for you guys those are your two
winners for this week your comment
question this week is actually about
hero factory I know some of you guys
like hero factory and some of you don't
I'd like to know what could Lego do to
make you guys like hero factory more if
you don't like it at all you know go
ahead and and say something that you
think Lego could do with hero factory
that would make you guys be interested
in hero factory and so comment below and
let me know and I will choose an answer
next week also be sure to post your mocs
and brick films as video responses to
this so that i can pick a video winner
next week and before I go I just want to
say or explain to you guys a little bit
of why I haven't put out quite as many
videos this week as I was putting out
that's because my desktop computer has
completely crashed I've ordered a new
win and I'm waiting for it to come in so
right now I'm doing everything on a
laptop but I lost a lot of work that I
had done that was saved on my desktop so
I've kind of been set back a little bit
right now but I'm working hard to get
everything caught up to where I was and
back on track so I'm going a little slow
right now but should be up and running
full strength again by the first part of
februari hopefully even sooner than that
thank you guys for hanging with me and I
will see you guys later